The purpose of this program is to initialise an array of
'cards' (the deck), then shuffle them. After this, ask for
the names of the two players and deal cards to
them. Finally, the deck and the two lots of cards should be
printed to the console.

That's how it is supposed to work but there are a range of
bugs in this code. There are some fatal errors in the code
but also some bugs in the code that simply cause
inappropriate or incorrect behaviour.

Your task is to find these bugs. You may use gdb, valgrind
and splint to help you in this task. These tools were
covered in a previous lab, so look up those notes if you are
struggling with this. While you are working through this
task, keep notes on what you are doing so that when your
marker comes by you can explain to them what you have done.

We have provided you with a Makefile and so to compile your
program, you just need to type 'make' in the same directory
as the .c and .h files.

You are able to use resources online, those available in
blackboard and elsewhere. The only limitation is that you
need to solve the bugs yourself. You may of course ask about
the original intention of the programmer as sometimes that
will be all-important in figuring out what has gone wrong.

I have provided a correctly running executable (what the
bug-free program would run like). It is called
"correct_poker".
